Improve docs about integrations (#882)
Uninett/Argus: docs/integrations/_note.rst

.. note::
   Open an issue on `Github <https://github.com/Uninett/Argus/issues>`_ to have

>    a glue service added to this list. It needs to be publicly accessible (and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a plugin added to this list. It needs to be publicly accessible (and
```

I feel like the word plugin is more universal for the three cases

Author: Changed to "your integration" as "a plugin" for a glue service is mental.
